Phonothon ’85 manpower chairman Kevin 
Grangier, a Sellersburg, Ind., senior, said his 
committee had several goals this year. There 
was one, however, that took priority. “We 
wanted the students to realize what an integral 


part they play in raising money for the 
university—the money that we all will directly 
or indirectly benefit from,” Grangier said. 

In keeping with the circus atmosphere, Dor- 
cas Jackson, a Whitesville freshman, dressed up 
like a clown for several nights of the Phono- 
thon. Jackson got involved when her roommate 
encouraged her to get out to meet people. 

“It’s fun; it really is. I get to meet so many 
people. Besides, in a clown suit I can act silly 
and get away with it,” Jackson said. 

Phonothon not only helped Western and the 
individuals who participated, but also the 
student organizations as well. This year about 
70 organizations were involved. 

Louisville senior Tammy Waldridge, presi- 
dent of the National Collegiate Association for 
Secretaries, said, “Our club is a part of the 
university and it’s good to know we have been 
able to help Western. It’s an excellent way for 
us to be recognized as a student organization on 
campus.” 

Seventeen out of 22 NCAS members par- 
ticipated in this year’s Phonothon. 

Over the past five years, Phonothon has 
raised nearly $200,000. This total dis- 
tinguished the program as one of the best in the 
nation. Organizers planned 1985 to be a land- 
mark year and it was. The $35,000 pledge goal, 
the highest ever, was surpassed by nearly 
$15,000. More students participated during 
the three-week period in 1985, with over 1,000 
students in attendence. 

Hilda Harville, a Selma, Ala., senior, said, 
“It feels good to have been a part of Phonothon 
this year. I’m really proud of our hard work.” 

This was her first year to work at Phonothon, 
but as she left with balloons in one hand and a 
Phonothon sweatshirt in the other, Harville 
said, “I'll be back next year.” 


James Borchuck 


INTENT ON her work, Cheryl Pyles, an Erlanger fresh- 


man, phones an alumnus. Pyles was calling as a member of 
Kappa Delta Sorority. 


PHONOTHON CHAIRMAN Lee Murray, an 


Owensboro junior, sorts information about alumni. Murray 
organized the three-week Phonothon as an emloyee of Western. 


James Borchuck James Borchuck 


AS A PROMOTION for Phonothon, Kevin Low- 


dermilk, a Monrovia, Ind., senior, serves popcorn. The stand 
was set up in Downing University Center. 


Lynne Roberts 193 


Phonothon 


Associated Student 
Government 


FRONT ROW: Mitchell McKinney, 
Cindy Richards, Greg Elder, Tara Wassom, 
Loree Zimmerman, Roland Spencer. BACK 
ROW: Edward Kenney, Lori Scott, Kent 
Groemling, Mark Lovell, Sean Peck, Donna 
Pack, Tim Todd 


Associated Student 
Government 


FRONT ROW: Lori Dohrn, Jennifer 
Borsch, Naheed Shafi, Nell Withers, Nancy 
Johnson, Holger Velastegui. BACK ROW: 
Debra Wredman, Caroline Miller, Dana Cun- 
ningham, Stephanie Sims, Terry Malone, 
Henry Meadows 


Sone 

